---
title: "chap1-variable-assignment"
date: "2014-11-18T13:35:05.000Z"
updated: "2023-07-22T02:12:34.422Z"
slug: "技能-修行-进步-R语言/chap1-variable-assignment"
permalink: "/2014/11/18/技能-修行-进步-R语言/chap1-variable-assignment/"
categories: ["技能-修行-进步-R语言"]
tags: ["R Tutorial"]
---
Last TutorialVariable assignment(1) A basic concept in (statistical) programming is called a varibale. A variable allows you to store a value (e.g.4) or an object (e.g. a function description) in R. You can then later use this variable’s name to easily access the value or the object that is stored within this variable. You can assign a value 4 to a variable my_variable with the command: my_variable = 4. Exercises112345> # Assign the value 42 to x> x = 42> # Print out the value of the variable x> x[1] 42 Variable assignment(2) Suppose you have a fruit basket with five apples. As a data ananlyst in training, you want to store the number of apples in a variable with the name my_apples. Exercises212345> # Assign the value 5 to the variable called my_apples> my_apples <- 5> # Print out the value of the variable my_apples> my_apples[1] 5 Variable assignment(3) Every tasty fruit basket needs oranges, so you decide to add six oranges. As a data ananlyst, your reflex is to immediately create the variable my_orange and assign the value 6 to it. Next, you want to calculate how many pieces of fruit you have in total. Since you have given meaningful names to these values, you can now code this in a clear way:my_apples + my_oranges. Exercise312345678> # Assign a value to the variables called my_apples and my_oranges> my_apples = 5> my_oranges = 6> # Add these two variables together and print the result> print(my_apples + my_oranges)[1] 11> # Create the variable my_fruit> my_fruit = my_apples + my_oranges Apples and oranges Common knowledge tells you not to add apples and oranges. But hey, that is what you just did, no:-)? The my_apples and my_oranges variables both contained a number in the previous exercise. The + operator works with numeric variables in R. If you really tried to add “apples” and “oranges”, and assigned a text value to the variable my_oranges (see the editor), you would be trying to assign the addition of a numeric a character variable to the variable my_fruit. This is not possible. Exercise4123456789101112131415> # Assign a value to the variable called my_apples> my_apples = 5> # Print out the value of my_apples> my_apples[1] 5> > # Add a character> my_oranges = 6> my_oranges[1] 6> > # New variable that contains total amount of fruit> my_fruit = my_apples + my_oranges> my_fruit[1] 11 Next Tutorial
