---
title: "how to use git quickly Part 1"
date: "2017-03-02T04:34:23.000Z"
updated: "2024-03-16T15:22:56.711Z"
slug: "小而美-工具/how-to-use-git-quickly-part1"
permalink: "/2017/03/02/小而美-工具/how-to-use-git-quickly-part1/"
categories: ["小而美-工具"]
tags: ["git", "github"]
---
Suppose you are new to git and github and you want to use it quickly. This is the situation I write this post. Get a free account of github, that’s easy for you guys. Install the git on Windows or Linux, that’s easy too. Then I use the Ubuntu as an example. configure your git local After you install git, open git bash and configure you git, like your user name and email of your github account.git official tutorial12$ git config --global user.name "John Doe"$ git config --global user.email johndoe@example.com Generating a new SSH key Then get your local ssh key and copy it to your github account, git official tutorial1$ ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com" This creates a new ssh key, using the provided email as a label.1Generating public/private rsa key pair. When you’re prompted to “Enter a file in which to save the key,” press Enter. This accepts the default file location.1Enter a file in which to save the key (/Users/you/.ssh/id_rsa): [Press enter] At the prompt, type a secure passphrase. And if you want to skip the password, just press Enter twice and it will be done.12Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase): [Type a passphrase]Enter same passphrase again: [Type passphrase again] Adding your SSH key to the ssh-agent After you generate your ssh key, go to the destination and open the id_rsa.pub and copy the contents like this: Then log in your github account and find the setting part And then from the left menu to find the SSH and GPG Keys Click the right button and add new ssh key You will be asked add the title and ssh key Testing your ssh connection with github Now go back to your git bash, and type into 1ssh -T git@github.com You will get the response like this That means you connect to your github successfully! Congratuations! Next step Since you have configured your git and github, let’s do a simple practice now. Go to Part2 how to use git quickly part 2
